                                          Component Description

AWS Account: An AWS account is a container for your AWS resources. You create and manage your AWS resources in an AWS account, and the AWS account provides administrative capabilities for access and billing.


Virtual Private Cloud (VPC): With Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC), you can launch AWS resources in a logically isolated virtual network that you've defined. This virtual network closely resembles a traditional network that you'd operate in your own data center, with the benefits of using the scalable infrastructure of AWS.


Subnet 1 (Public): A public subnet with a range of 16 IPs (10.0.0.0/24). This subnet allows inbound and outbound internet traffic.

Subnet 2 (Private): A private subnet with a range of 16 IPs (10.0.16.0/24). This subnet restricts inbound internet traffic.


EC2 Instance:  Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) is a web service that provides secure, resizable compute capacity in the cloud.Deliver secure, reliable, high-performance, and cost-effective compute infrastructure to meet demanding business needs.

RDS Database: Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) is a web service that makes it easier to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the AWS Cloud. It provides cost-efficient, resizable capacity for an industry-standard relational database and manages common database administration tasks.

Elastic Beanstalk: AWS Elastic Beanstalk is used to deploy the application code in an auto-scaling and managed environment.

Lambda: AWS Lambda is an Amazon serverless computing system that runs code and automatically manages the underlying computing resources. It is an event-driven compute service.A serverless function triggered by file uploads to the S3 bucket. It prints the name of the uploaded file.

S3 Bucket: Amazon S3 bucket used for file storage and triggering the Lambda function upon file upload.Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is an object storage service that offers industry-leading scalability, data availability, security, and performance.

